# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.11
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.31.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
narwhals==1.19.1
    # via altair
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via streamlit
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via jupyterlab
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
